Billy: Sally, where the hell did you go?

[ finds sally watching a knife salesman, standing at the outskirts of the crowd]

Billy: Sally, what are you doing? We don't need any of this crap.

Sally: Just listen for a minute.

Salesman: The beauty of this knife, this knife, is it's everything you need a knife to be. Throw away your dented knife set, folks, get rid of that bulky chopping block. The great chefs have a knife that they rely on for every task, and now you can too. The great chefs, when they find that their knife has been misplaced, or used by an inexperienced sous-cook, or maybe cleaned with a dirty cloth --- they're enraged. If you want to get fired, and ruin your career in high cuisine, use the head chef's knife. I dare you. Why get so mad about a misplaced knife? You would get mad too if you had a knife like theirs - a knife like this. In the world of the haute cuisine chef, their knife is the one consistant thing about their routine. It is the one thing that they can rely on. Their knife always cuts to perfection. Their knife never grows loose at the handle, or acqires a dull, dented blade. They'll always cut the vegetables, never their fingers. They will always be in control. You mess with their knife and you mess with the one thing that they hold true in the world. A knife like this, though, is not just for those rarefied chefs. You deserve control too. You deserve that one constant thing. It seems funny to say a knife like this one can be all of those things. It might be funny. But it's also true. You've never really cut vegetables before -- you just hack at them, battling all the way to the salad plate. This knife will show you what it is really like to chop a carrot, or an onion. It's like moving from the mosh pit to a ballroom dance. It is a transformation. All from a knife! I know! But I couldn't say it -- I couldn't bring myself to say it if it weren't true.

Billy: Damn, he's good.

Sally: I don't even want a knife, I just want his knife, you know?

Billy: Take these pants to the checkout for me. I'm gonna stay here a second.

Salesman: Look at this knife from my competition. A national brand, you know their name, it's not sold in this store. Look at this cucumber slice! Before, it would have been good enough. Throw it on the lettuce, where's the ranch dressing? Maybe there are better knives out there, better sliced cucumbers, but this is as good as it gets for me. I can't afford the fancy knives. The seeds squishing out of the center, the slice thicker at one end than the other. It's just cucumber. It's just the hours I spend cooking, this is the best it can get. No. I'm here to tell you today that there is something better, better for you, for your kitchen, your family. The knife I am going to show you today rivals the best high-end competion - at a price any home cook can afford. You've heard it all before - watch. See that cucumber slice? You can't it's so thin! The blade went straight through the seeds, they're forming a perfect pentagon. Like a starfish - like a sand dollar. You've heard of Fibbonaci's ratio? All that math stuff? Now you can experience it, in your kitchen. Now you can see the cucumber as nature created it. 

Sally: They won't take the pants.

Billy: What?

Sally: They won't take them, they won't sell them. They said the tags are switched.

Billy: They have to honor the price.

Sally: We need to go Billy, I think they have cameras. I see a guy coming.

Billy: They're shit pants. Fucking ripoff.

[they exit.]